	Welcome to HACK!

	Hack is a Dungeons and Dragons like game where you (the adventurer)
descend into the depths of the dungeon in search of the Amulet of Guyver
(reputed to be hidden on the twentieth level).  On the way you will find
useful (or useless) magic items, and assorted monsters.  You attack a monster
by trying to move into the space a monster is in.

	Unlike most adventure games, which give you a verbal description of
your location, hack gives you a visual image of the dungeon level you are on.

	Hack uses the following symbols:
		A to Z and a to z:  monsters.  You can find out what a letter
represents by saying "whatis (letter)", as in "whatis A", which will tell you
that 'A' is a giant ant.
		- and |  These form the walls of a room.
		.  this is the floor of a room.
		#  this is a corridor.
		}  this is a water filled area.
		>  this is the staircase to the next level.
		<  the staircase to the previous level.
		@  You (usually).
		^  A trap.
		)  A weapon of some sort.
		[  A suit of armor.
		%  A piece of food.
		/  A wand.
		=  A ring.
		?  A scroll.
		!  A magic potion.
		$  A pile or pot of gold.

Commands:
	Hack knows the following commands:
		help		print this list. (Hack mode: ?)
		quit		quit the game. (Hack mode: Q)
		up		go up the staircase. (if you are standing on it)
				(Hack mode: <)
		down		go down (just like up).
				(Hack mode: >)
		n,s,ne,etc.	go one space in the direction indicated.
				North is toward the top of the screen.
		N,S,NE, etc.	Go in that direction until you hit a wall or
				run into something.
		invent		Print your inventory.
				(Hack mode: i)
		search		search for secret doors and traps in the 
				locations next to you.
				(hack mode: s)
		(return)	rest, do nothing.
		redraw		redraws the screen, useful if you type too fast
				or your terminal is too slow.
				(Hack mode: ^z (control/z))
		whatis ~	(~ is any symbol printed on your screen)
				Tell what ~ is.  (For instance 'whatis A'
				will tell you that A is a giant ant.
				(Hack mode: /)
		eat		Eat food.  It will then ask what object you
				want to eat.
				(Hack mode: e)
		wield		Change the weapon you use to attack with.
				It will ask what you want to wield.
				(Hack mode: w)
		drink		Drink a potion.  (Hack mode: q quaff)
		read		Read a scroll.   (Hack mode: r)
		remove		Remove your armor or ring.
				(Hack mode: T takeoff armor; R remove ring)
		wear		Wear a suit of armor or a ring.
				(Hack mode: W wear armor; P put on ring)
		pay		Pay your shopping bill.
				(Hack mode: p)
		show            Show all you are wearing on armor and rings.
				(Hack mode: a)
		repeat          Repeat last message printed.
				(Hack mode: A)
		drop gems       Drop all your gems that you are currently 
				holding.
				(Hack mode: G)
		oneline		Give inventories one line at a time
				(at the top of your screen).
				(Hack mode: o)

	You can put a number before a command to repeat it that many times,
	as in "20 search" or "40" (40 rest).
	You can also put more than one command on a line by putting commas
	between them, as in "20 search,2 e,20 search", or 
	"n,e,n,e,n".

	In hack mode you have the commands h (left), j (down), k (up),
	l (right), y (nw), u (ne), b (sw), n(se); these move you one step.
	Also HJKLYUBN - these move you as far as possible in the indicated
	direction.
	Also fh, fj etc. - these move you repeatedly in the indicated
	direction until something interesting happens.
	Finally FH, FJ etc. - these work like the previous, but branching
	in a corridor is not considered interesting.


	Have Fun, and Good Hacking!
